# rtroberts/d2-armor-dups

Exploratory project to find/sort duplicate legendary armor in Destiny 2, allowing you to safely dismantle similar items.

The most successful method seems to be using some form of clustering, brought to you here by `rm-hull/clustering`. k-means isn't a good fit because armor in D2 can't be 'averaged' in a meaningful way, but vanilla clustering seems to be fine. The `distance` function is where true customization can occur.


I also began exploring ways to find armor you're missing - specifically, armor missing a stat spike in one of the six stats. It is not possible to have a piece of armor for every stat permutation (that would be something like 900 items per slot per character; your vault is only 500 slots) but spiky stats are possible. That's unfinished, though, because it's harder and more time-consuming to chase specific armor rolls.

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/rtroberts/d2-armor-dups

## Usage

It's mostly intended to be run from a REPL so you can modify parameters, try some of the different algorithms, etc.

The input is an armor CSV straight from DIM (Destiny Item Manager). The output is a grouping of item IDs that you can paste right back into DIM, allowing you to explore the results and select the duplicates you'd like to dismantle.


#### Caveats

All stats in D2 are valuable in some scenarios. The only stats I considered not valuable are Mobility for both Titans and Warlocks


Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

## License

Copyright © 2023 Ryan Roberts

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `deps-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
